FIXED the wrong link to Plugin registry, which is a duplicate to Devf… (#833)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/overview/con_che-plug-in-registry.adoc

The Che plug-in registry is a service that provides the list of plug-ins and editors for the Che workspaces. A devfile only references a plug-in that is published in a Che plug-in registry. It runs in a container and can be deployed wherever wsmaster connects. The default registry: link:https://che-plugin-registry.openshift.io/[che-plugin-registry.openshift.io].

> // ADDED "Customizing plug-in registry"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Looks good to me.

> For more information about plug-in registry customization, see the [Customizing plug-in registry](https://www.eclipse.org/che/docs/che-7/building-and-running-a-custom-registry-image/#cloning-the-plug-in-registry_cloning-the-registries) section.

Reviewer 2: This would be the right format for the link in asciidoc format:

```suggestion
For more information about plug-in registry customization, see the link:{site-baseurl}che-7/building-and-running-a-custom-registry-image/#cloning-the-plug-in-registry_cloning-the-registries[Customizing plug-in registry] section.
```

Reviewer 2: @bryantson can you please apply this patch to fix the link?

> For more information about plug-in registry customization, see the [Customizing plug-in registry](https://www.eclipse.org/che/docs/che-7/building-and-running-a-custom-registry-image/#cloning-the-plug-in-registry_cloning-the-registries) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about plug-in registry customization, see the link:{site-baseurl}che-7/building-and-running-a-custom-registry-image/[Customizing plug-in registry] section.
```

Author: Looks good to me.

[cols=2*]
|===
| Source code

> | link:https://github.com/eclipse/che-plugin-registry[Che Plugin registry]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| link:https://github.com/eclipse/che-plugin-registry[Che Plug-in registry]
```

Author: Looks good to me.
